This file is for anyone curious about where all the character names came from.
If a name isn't in here, there isn't anything significant about it- it was probably 
	based off one of the mainline race names.

Raplice: from Replace. 
	When first creating the campaign, I put "Raplice" as a place holder for things/people
	I hadn't named yet. decided to leave it where it was for the village name, although 
	most people in the campaign just call it "the village"

Voadar: from the campaign abbreviation.
	At first I wanted to name the campaign "Vengeance of a Drake," but added ": an RPG" 
	because "Voad" didn't sound like a good enough name for the main character. 
	(and later changed "Vengeance" to "Voyage" since it seemed a closer fit)

Cadameron: mix between the popular name "Cameron" and a dead corpse, aka "Cadaver." Hm...

Meaty, the tutorial cow: I think this one's pretty obvious. Named on an impulse, and
	I think it's hilarious even though no one else probably will.

Dogifforo: I had an elementary school teacher whom my friends and I all hated. Naturally,
	we made her the villain in all our games, but mixed the letters of her name up so she
	wouldn't know we were talking about her. Dogifforo is very close to the mixed up version.

Nickieldur, Rayyan, Derek, Robert: Nick, Ryan, Derek, and Robert, some good friends from my 
	high school clique

Tetaitiel, Commodir, Meviel: Based off Tetraites, Commodus and Mevia, who were famous gladiators  
	in ancient rome (according to google, anyway)

Curryan: Latin root Curr (for 'run') and mainline wesnoth name Curyan. Curryan is the 
	postmaster; in LoZ MM the postmaster has the same appearance as the "Running Man" from LoZ OoT
	(Yeah, i know it's a stretched, nerdy connection)

Anatus, Anatil: Originally Wesnoth dwarf names. Long ago I borrowed them for the
	main characters in a mini-novel I was writing. (It is unfinished, and really 
	quite crappy overall. You're not missing anything.)
	
Frank: from a youtuber that inspired part of his character

Klippy: from kleptomaniac. Well well well well well well well.

Ivan: When i was young, my mom would often take me to visit relatives, which invariably 
	meant me sitting boredly while they talked for hours on end. One such relative was 
	named Ivan, and the name seems like a good match for the talkative old man in this campaign.

Pema: The name from a character in The Legend of Korra who my character vaguely 
	reminds me of
	
Abe: abe was not at the market. (Tee hee hee)

Nhardril: one of my first bosses was named Nhar. tho he was a complete dick, unlike Nhardril

Fifo: First in, first out (mnemonic for data stacks)

Foo-foo, Boom-Jun, Flopsy: all are cuddly creatures from Avatar the Last Airbender 
	or The Legend of Korra. (Foo-foo is short for Foo-foo Cuddly-poops)
	
Hob: When i came up with this, it just seemed like a natural name for the character.
	looking back, that's undoubtedly because of Hob from Bree, in The Fellowship of the Ring
	(although the two aren't much alike)
	
Raen: she actually explains it in-game. Even though I made up Raplice first, exactly as described
	above, when I thought of this character, the ghost of the town's founder, I thought the town should
	be named after her. So "Raen" was chosen so that "Raplice" could plausibly have evolved from "Raen Place."
	
Moe Blin: inspired by the hungry moblin in the original NES Legend of Zelda

Havel: just a random gladiator in my game, but a legendary dragon slayer in Dark Souls

Sir Yorksha: also from dark souls. Lol you can tell what point in the development I started playing that series